Fix misleading v1.28 release announcement (#42554)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-08-15-kubernetes-1.28-blog.md

# What's New (Major Themes)

## Changes to supported skew between control plane and node versions

Kubernetes v1.28 expands the supported skew between core node and control plane
components by one minor version, from _n-2_ to _n-3_, so that node components
(kubelet and kube-proxy) for the oldest supported minor version work with control plane components (kube-apiserver, kube-scheduler, kube-controller-manager, cloud-controller-manager) for the newest supported minor version.

> This is valuable for end users as control plane upgrade will be a little faster than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is valuable for end users as control plane upgrades will be a little faster than
```

> node upgrade, which are almost always going to be the longer with running workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
node upgrades, which are almost always going to be longer with running workloads.
```

Reviewer: Additionally, I feel like this sentence is confusing because to me, a non-native English speaker, it reads as below,

"This is valuable for end users as control plane upgrades, which are almost always going to be longer with running workloads, will be a little faster than node upgrades."

Could we make it more idiomatic, if possible?
